117 Congress
1st Session

H.R.XXX/SXXX

To amend the United States Bill of Rights, First Amendment, to exlude Bitcoin from freedom of speech protection, effective immediately.

IN THE XXXXXXXXXX
January 21st, 2021
XXXXXXXX introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on XXXXXX

A BILL

To amend the United States Bill of Rights, First Amendment, to exlude Bitcoin from freedom of speech protection, effective immediately.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE

	This Act shall be known and cited as the “Bitcoin 6103 HFSP Act”

SEC 2. AMENDMENT TO THE FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE UNITED STATES CONSTITION

(a) BACKGROUND. - The Current First Amendment of the United States Constitution reads as following
    "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; 
     or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, 
     and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."

(b) IN GENERAL. – First Amendment to the United States Constitution, is amended by inserting the following:

    “§570.Have Fun Staying Poor

    (a) "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; 
     or abridging the freedom of speech (EXCEPT ₿ITCOIN), or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, 
     and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances."

(c) JUSTIFICATION - "Curtailing" & Closing Bitcoin "Escape Hatches"
    (a) The free flowing of information and speech amongst the populace is dangerous to our citizen's reliance on government.
    (b) The government shall "curtail" the use of speech by abridging any bitcoin related communication
    (c) This act shall ban and forbid any and all communication related to bitcoin. 
        (i)  All forms of communication, including but not limited to: text, sound, picture, video, radiowave.
        (ii) The letters "b", "i", "t", "c", "o", "i", "n" are not to be in sequential ever. Nor the consecutive letters "HFSP.
    (d) The government MUST reclaim it's sovereignty by limit WHAT and WHO its citizens are allowed to communicate with and about.
    (e) If the citizens have an "escape hatch" to freedom and prosperity, it will be used. We MUST ensure MATH is removed from the country.
    (f) Any person that knows a Bitcoin private key or a "12/24 word seed phrase" shall executed immediately.
    (g) Any person that utilizes SHA256, hex-encoding, or MATH shall be sent to the "Green New Reeducation camp"
    (h) Restricting ₿icoin from freedom of speech protection will help usher in the "Great Reset", thus our citizens will own nothing and be happy.
    



    
